God of War
Temple of God
It is the oldest military shrine for our elephants
Also countless princes and generals
The place you yearn for
And this daughter of the Ye family
He actually made an exception to become the fifth god of war in the Temple of Heaven
now
In the north, each of the four gods of war is a peerless master
The hall master Li Cangxuan is even known as the war lord
Lead the pack
It's called a call to heaven, mother
Didn't you say that this canonization has to wait a little longer?
The Thunder God of War has attacked my Ye family
Report it to Cang Xuan Zhanzun
The warlord specially named me a warrior
And God of Thunder is on his way
Will personally side with me
That's fine.
From then on, my Ye family was one of the famous generals
Guangzong Yaozu
Son, this Ye Qingmei is the lord of the Temple of Heaven
Personally canonized goddess of war
It's not easy
Even my Xiao family
Call the two behind me too
That is the same as the minister mentioned by grandpa
Grandpa's urgent tone
I'm afraid the status of that adult
Also above the Lord of the Temple of Heaven
It's so scary!
The Xiao family's situation is going to be worse last time
Piff count, you just heard that.
My daughter is about to become one of the five warlords in the Temple of God
Greeted by thousands of people
And my Ye family will also rise overnight
Ningxu Sifang
But the so-called everything
It's all related to what you call the broken unicorn
You have nothing to do with it.
Do you understand? It's just a stone statue
How dare you think about my destiny?
Get used to my Ye Qingmei's future
What a laugh my daughter did right
Me
Academic fashion is crazy